Nope lmao. Havent even watched the video thing. Have been working on an assignment for another unit all weekend 
Hahaha Im working 2pm-9:30pm . Living the dream
Mate that would be ideal. I havent dont the quiz yet but this is the best I could translate the video. Can thank DeepL if its confusing 
They are all right except for questions 5. The answer is 3
No stress . I might go back to bed now hahah. Have a good day too. Hey I definitely gonna skip German today, Ive got an assignment due for another unit tomorrow and need today to smash it out 
Good luck with the lame students xx
Thank you Ill need it . Hey have you done the grammar vocab test ?
14.5/20 lol. Thatll have to do
This study break has honestly come at the perfect time. Man needs a rest
Nah. Its due after the study break
Hmm I guess you could combine a few to write the 300 words. Im thinking about writing about sarcasm and the difference between Australian and German humour bc my friend always takes everything I say so literally hahaha. And like the German language is so literal
Do whatever is easiest. I dont think the topic will matter  just your German . Also i found out the other day that Word has a translate function. Under review
Honestly DeepL is great. Ive used it a lot recently. So good that it gives alternatives
It truly is
What movie ? 
Mate Ive been so detached from uni. No clue whats going on. So I just read his week 7 summary thing. The film is for week 9. And the quiz is due at 10am May 2nd
Haha its all g ! 
It makes me triple check what we have to do 
I think its basically on what the person you interview thinks are the major differences to them
Yeah I feel like some niche is more interesting to write about
Maybe even add like popular sport differences. Like Australia likes AFL. They like soccer
Hahaha Ill most likely be doing the same. I havent even started. Have so much else to catch up on
Honestly thank German Jesus for that
Its killing me. I just started this morning. Big stress vibes. Also can we normalise making assignments due on a Sunday. Fridays really dont work when you have a full time job hahaha
Yeah exactly ! I dont know what style of writing is expected? Like is it a formal essay? Casual writing ?. I need a template to work off
Ill tell him to meet me in Reid library after class tomorrow . At this point Im also praying I get covid because Id kill for a week off lol
UWA should just cancel the rest of this semester and give us all HDs for every unit
You know what just cancel the rest of this year. Just to be safe
How do I write, Dale fuck you and this assignment. In German. 
Fantastisch !. Extra points for formal language
Honestly German can be a treat sometimes
I sure am
Hopefully old mate can give us some last minute tips on the assignment
Ive got 141 words of random shit hahahaha
I honestly dont even think he could help at this point 
On the home stretch. Youve got this king. Thats actually pretty good
Ive names my assignments Verloren in der bersetzung. Meaning - lost in translation. Hahahaha. Surely a HD for that alone
Have to add a bit of humour. Although the article is about Germans having no sense of humour haha
Im honestly on a roll. I might get it finished tonight haha
Ive named mine ber Article
So the main title is:

ber Article 
Hamish Munro 

In der bersetzen verloren. Ill send a pic when I get home. Currently getting tattooed lol
Dankeschn. Just submitted it. Thank god thats over
Its all about the presentation. Im undecided if Im gonna go to the lecture tomorrow, I have work at 12:15pm which means Id have to leave the lecture early to get to work in time and I cbf being rushed if I can just watch the recording instead
Im not sure if the lecture counts towards our attendance ?
Yeah shell be right. Dale is so wrong for this. Hahahaha
Mans a savage 
Kati coming through with the goods. Queen
She would definitely be the go to for information on exchange
Just play the video and use the microphone  setting on DeepL. Play parts of the vid and pause it otherwise DeepL will have a meltdown trying to translate the whole thing in one go. 
Nah have just been cheating my way through the last 25 years of life 
I ticked your attendance for the lecture lol. Thought Id help you out because it was all X 
The only tick you had was for the very first week. Dale has really stitched you up
From what I remember it was only one tick. There was hardly anyone there today
Kati is so rude for this. I swapped my flight tomorrow from an 11:30am start to 4:15pm. The whole German department doing us dirty this semester. But Dale did say something interesting today about the program, apparently it comes with a scholarship for travel and accommodation costs and Kati is the organiser of it or something. Dale going off script in his lecture
Surely 
Mate Im trying not to think about it. Stressed lmao. Id rather do the two hour exam
Im honestly pissed at him. We havent done any preparation for the oral presentation. Like the whole semester has been reading and writing lol. Mans setting us up for failure
Yeah there is definitely something going on there
I sure am
That is a very good question. Ill be interested to see what he says. I emailed him earlier today to schedule in mine. Hasnt replied to me yet. Rude
Why cant they have a separate word for that lol. I actually have a love hate relationship with German
Yeah sometimes . Okay this last class better be good
I have to run straight after class bc I have a massive assignment due for another unit that I need to do . But I could be free over the weekend or something ?. I havent even started to plan my oral presentation yet
Nah hes giving us the stuff in class I believe. Im still trying to find parking
Theres a pool ? Haha
No stress king 
I hate the attention 
Yeah Im about to throw myself off the highest building I can find. This statistics assignment is killing me
Ive not even thought about it, I have a killer of an assignment due tomorrow that has been taking up all my time . Once that is submitted Ill be able to focus on German. Im booked in for Wednesday in the study break 
Wednesday after. The 1st of June
ThankQ king . Hey sorry I still havent revised any German to give some pointer for the orals 
But Ive listened to this audiobook and found it super helpful
Dale did say that he will take into consideration the fact most of the lectures were online and all the speaking activities he had planned had to be changed to watching/reading activities. So surely it will be easy to pass. I really need to practice for it
The way I revised for the orals last year was to record a German Siri to say your part of the presentation then say my part aloud. You could record random questions and play them as prompts. Then formulate an answer. Its probably what Ill do
D5 brains 
Im honestly not sure ! I thought the same thing at first but I think he just falls into the weird nerdy straight guy category. Maybe its a German thing lol
Nah he hasnt marked mine yet. Did he email you to say it was marked ?. DeepL is a god sent. Also I had to email him again the other day about booking my oral in bc he never replied to my first email lol
Wow I feel hurt and betrayed. Kati wouldnt do me wrong like this 
What is it even worth ? I feel like youve done fine for all the grammar tests + lecture quizzes. If you passed that all that matters. Work drag the grade down too much. Thats my plan anyway haha
Ich habe den Film nicht gesehen, aber ich habe die Handlung auf Wikipedia gelesen !
Hahaha he wouldnt know how to react. I feel like the issue some lecturers have is they know so much about a subject that they forget students need the basics and things that would be common knowledge to them. Like their passion for the subject doesnt necessarily translate into a passion for teaching
For real ??. Like lets get back to basics. What even is a verb
Surely not . Just give me the mark Dale. Dont need a Ted talk
In his office. One sec Ill find it
Arts 2.24 - second floor of the arts building
No stress, good luck 
Omg how good. Okay I feel better about it haha. Thank you for the pointers king  appreciated 
Honestly it makes life a lot easier. Was 18 minutes really necessary
Oh amazing. Ill have to listen later
Yeah I could do. Why is it on a Wednesday lol
I feel like I did terrible in my oral presentation today
I literally had 3 hours sleep last night bc my best friend is on my staff travel and was trying to get to the Whitsundays for a wedding. 

So she flew Perth to Melbourne on the red eye last night then Melbourne to Sydney in the morning and was meant to catch a flight from Sydney to the Whitsundays but her flight to Melbourne was delayed and two of her Melbourne to Sydney flights got canceled so I was up at 4am rebooking her on another flight
But that flight got delayed and she missed the flight to the Whitsundays
And its the only flight of the day
So now Ive had to book her from Sydney to Brisbane to Mackay lmao. Im so tired hahaha. I even told Dale about the whole flight situation lol
HAHAAH thanks Dale ! Youre a king sometimes. This sounds like a good time to me 
Okay I got 70% in the orals thank god haha. Better than I thought
See you there . Also fyi the cas preference thing is open for next semester. There is a morning German language class thank god
Dale pulling through with the goods
Hahaha what are the chances. Thats so good
Thats honestly the best way to learn
Its honestly hard being a trend setter . Dont forget applications close 1st of July for exchange in 2023 !. Okay damn its so full on applying for it
Are you going to apply for the stuttgart winter exchange thing ? The cut off is the 1st of July as well
Hahahahah that is the best. Going to use that one
Tbh I fear nothing
Thats the one !
No stress . Yeah I need to do the conversation class this semester lol
I might never come back 
Ngl youre the only uni friend I have. I hate every else hahahaha. *everyone. And I only come to campus for German. So I do appreciate you king
Cretins . also if you ever need a study help gift again hmu 
Surely its just us. Im laughing so much at my shoes hahaha. Cant take a nice pic 
Nah thats just the times of the language classes. We are in the Thursday one. But there is a Wednesday afternoon one. Same a last semester
Well kill it . Sometimes German makes sense. Apparently youre a Jungfrau
Guess you are both 
German is whack . Are you going to the German seminar thing today ?
Hahah its all about that participation mark. Im mentally not in the room 
Boring and full of the usual nerds 
Mate I was falling asleep. Surely. Will have to sus it out. I low key love her
I sure will be
Omg how good !!. Cant wait for that HD 
Sounds like a plan 
Okay I literally just saw this. Soz haha
I try stay off my phone as much as I can in the morning so I can start the day zen 
No way !! I always just thought they were friends or something hahahaha. Like work colleagues or knew each other from a previous unit. That is so weird. Id say 50%
Wow I cant wait 
Same. I havent even left the house hahaha
Yeah I think so
Okay Im keen hahaha. I might get a coffee. If Im late I might as well get a coffee too. Im sure Dale will understand 
Okay amazing hahaha. Im just having a snack in my car. The lesbians were a lot
Yeah 100%
thank you !! I love a good doco. Viele Danke . Mein deutsch ist scheie. Ich werde jede Hilfe annehmen, die ich bekommen kann
Ich mchte ein Deutscher werden
Der Berliner Rave-Typ. Nicht der Dale-Typ. Hahahaha
Omg. Crying 
Needed this motivation. https://vt.tiktok.com/ZSRkraUde/. Okay but why did this just come up on my fyp?. And why did it teach me more than Dale did in two hours 
I havent even looked at it yet. Just realised I have a test for another unit today thats only open for 24 hours lmao. He needs to get a grip. There should just be German language units and German history / culture units. Dont mix it. I just want to speak the language
https://open.spotify.com/show/46Ea3Xwmx5S0IbDtFyv143. SBS has some good news and the interviews in German. And the news is mostly about Australia so its easier to follow along with
My god this reading is boring. Wtf Dale
Omg what a king. Thank you
I did the test before seeing this hahaha
I got 8/8
Thanks DeepL. 
Thank you . Im most likely gonna skip the seminar tomorrow. I have an assignment due on Thursday and need to spend tomorrow finishing it
Honestly such a waste of time. Hate that participation is marked. Cant he just release a recording lol
Nah I mean instead of doing the actual live seminar thing. Just release a pre recorded one hahah. Thank you, I dont feel like it . Just want another letter from Dale for  impressive performance
Ich bin zu Hause. I have an assignment due at 5pm and Ive got a water leak in my apartment and the repair person is meant to come round between 10am - 1pm 
Nah I need to do it tomorrow
Wow youre really carrying me through this semester 
Youre a king  thank you. From this little water leak. To this lmao. They still dont know where the leak is coming from. Still havent finished the assignment that was due at 5pm . I need this study break asap
Haha thank you Ill need it. https://vt.tiktok.com/ZSRPb4J6w/. Rip. For the seminar quiz ^
No stress. Sounds like a plan. Ill do the vocab test thing. Pretty sure there is another one next week
Nah I was gonna watch the movie last night but its 2.5 hours long lol. Just read the text. Might watch it tonight if I have time. Havent started 
My German mate gets here on Wednesday and is staying for 2 weeks so Im gonna get his help for the assignment  
Ill pass on any helpful points
And Im sure hed proof read yours or something
I dont even know where to begin with it haha. My mate hates Dale hahaha
There is so much shit he says we dont need to learn or that doesnt make sense
The last gramma test I ask for his help and he said the last question you cant possibly have a correct answer for in German. And he sent it to a few friends and they said the same. so catch these hands Dale 
HAHAHAHAH. Perfect . Also i think we dont have a seminar on the 26th bc its a public holiday. And the government just announced this public holiday on the 22nd which is when our language class is lol
Yes. Rip liz . So basically well have one seminar and one language class in the space of two weeks
For real tho. Like massive treat to not have class but also dont want to fall behind at this point in the semester
Thanks king 
Just enough to make him happy. He mentioned it today
Big treat
That is a great question. I need to look back on the Konjunktiv
Havent started fml. Work has been hectic
Shell be right
Honestly I swear he has. I looked back to week 2 to try figure it out but Im lost
I still havent started lol. Will have to smash it out tomorrow
Praying 
Haha will do will do
Oh i sent you an email awhile ago. Well around 8pm. So not that long ago
Hahahaha I told him that. The feedback was wild
Ill ask him. He said something last night about it, I think he wanted to know what parts you wanted changed to Konjunktiv II
Ill ask when he wakes up. Haha dont feel bad !! He has written my whole thing 
I honestly have no idea. This is mine so far. Currently at work and have to try finish it on the flight
Well done . I submitted mine at 4:57pm while on the ground in Port Hedland lmao
Absolute king. Thank you 
That seems like a lot. Especially for Jetstar lol
Im gonna try do the gramma + vocab test today. Ill send through the goods once I do
Trust me. I will. . Only 6 questions 
Hi Josh its pascal. Q 3 to 6 
Can all be answered in several different ways and it would still be considered to be correct. I went with the answers most accurate to the shit from Dale that Ive seen. Dunno if that helps. Good luck tho x
Currently on Rottnest. Who with ?
I hate this already. Fml
the seminar quiz ^. I did terrible hahaha
haha for real
Hes back on Switzerland so gotta figured it out myself
I sure did. was lame. hate everyone
I honestly have no patience either but the perfectionist in me wants everything my way hahahah. So have to push through working with dickheads. I think its an individual and group mark. I thought pineapple on pizza would be an easy topic lmao. Have you watched the film for German ?
Honestly it has been a treat. 
Okay wtf.
Thanks king . are you going to the seminar today?
I actually dont think Im gonna go. I worked 10 hours Saturday and 8 hours yesterday. Im dead. I have some much other stuff to catch up on
yeah sounds like a plan
yeah its the last grammar and vocab test
HAHAHAHHA. Sorry I was watching a lecture. Thank you king . Im ready for this semester to be over
Tbh the Lachlan guy is making it so complicated. I joined the call yesterday and I said that you and I can work on our part and bring what we have to the group. Bc we are both doing for pineapple on pizza
Something like that. We all need to talk for 3-4 minutes I believe. but old mate wants to break it up. Like a back and forth conversation
This is his first German unit lol. rookie mistake
didnt ask. dont care x
I sure will
deadset dickhead
autism vibes. hate this. and I thought I was a perfectionist
bro its painful. I actually hate group assignments
its easy to see the ones that have just come to uni and not experienced the real working world. theyre in for a rude shock xoxo
I believe so
Sounds like a plan hahahah. I told him about DeepL before class lol
this is going to be a hoot
Thank god
I have some much more shit to do. Fuck this group. hahahaah

hes too much. Ive given up
Im planning to make my whole second part about not listening to what their side has said. Sorry Ive been distracted thinking about pizza 
Im trying not to laugh
I have been folding washing. Now Im making a tea
hahaha its for Australian employment relations and our group presentation topic is Gender and politics lol
Its fucking cold lmao
Germany is good !! Ive enjoyed some cities more than others. I feel like I dont know any German 
honestly who knows haha
Mate it was wild. Was there for 8 hours haha
Sounds like a plan . If I ever come back to Australia that is haha
Ngl thats the plan  . Dont have a return ticket. Sorry Dale 
Hope you have a blessed 2023 
when in Berlin right 
I feel like im getting worse haha
everyone speaks english and has no patience for your attempts at german haha. I start the actual exchange program on Monday so hopefully being back in the classroom will help
gonna pretend I dont know them . bro the german lecturers are wild. sooo intense. will only speak to you in German. Dale didnt prepare me for this
thanks Ill need it 
better finish reading my 1001 easy german phrase 
Perth could never
its going well ! I feel like just doing german everyday is so helpful. plus the lecturers are cut throat 
im doing all my units on campus this semester so im there heaps
sounds like a plan 
I had my hair cut like that in germany and it has changed my life haha
