Have you done the German quiz yet?
Bro we have the same life. About to go to work till 1am as well no idea when I'm gonna get it done haha
Forever wishing I was a trust fund baby
Oml you legend. I'm about to do it now. Just woke up and stumbling to my laptop to get it done
i ust did it. got 5. but thanks so much. have a good day :)
Damn :*( good luck getting it done:)
Yes. I did so badly. But it's not that hard. You'll be fine
King shit 
Haha legit. Have you started the german essay yet. Is it due next week?
https://www.google.com/amp/s/traveladventurediscover.com/2017/05/09/20-differences-between-germany-and-australia/amp/. How many of these do you reckon are accurate. I have no idea what to write about for this essay
That's such a good idea. You should do that. I might do sport or something. Idk
Haha yea I've seen that. But think deepL is probs best bet. But will be hard to show multiple sentence structures with translater
Yea that feature is gold
Was there a quiz on the movie today?. I assumed there was no lecture...
Hahaha the movie for the week
Awesome thanks Hamish. You carry me so hard
Haha. is the writing assesment on any difference between germany and Aus. or does it have to be cultural differences. the guide to the assesment document give very little information
WRITING ASSIGNMENT (25%)
BER-ARTICLE: Please interview a native speaker of German about what they consider to
be the most conspicuous differences between Germany (or Austria or Switzerland) and Australia. Write a short article about this persons experiences and what you have learned in
300-350 words. This assessment is designed to improve your research skills, as well as
your ability to speak, listen to, read and write German. In addition, it will help to hone your
intercultural and communication skills.
Please upload your ber-Article to the link in the Assessment Information section on
the LMS by 5pm on Friday, April 29 (Week 8).
Please include the word ber in the title of the article and give the document itself your own
name: Last name_First Name. Please upload the article as a WORD document.
The submission should be a short article (not the transcript of an interview). Summarize
in your own words what your interview partner told you and what you learned from the interview. Differences between Germany / Austria / Switzerland and Australia could cover a
wide range of different things. You do not have to include everything they told you. My advice
is to focus on one or two main points. Think about what information about your interview
partner would be interesting or useful for the reader.
I would encourage you to interview a native speaker, but anyone who has experience of
Germany / Austria / Switzerland and Australia might serve just as well. If you are unsure
about your interview partner or have difficulties finding an interview partner, please just
speak to me (youll be surprised, however, at how many of us there are among you!)
Please find an extra INFORMATION SHEET with more advice, helpful vocabulary and
more detail on the criteria in the Assessment Information section on the LMS.
GENERAL CRITERIA
LANGUAGE (70%) Correctness of grammar, syntax and spelling. Complexity of sentence
structure and range and appropriateness of expression.
RELEVANCE and COHERENCE (30%): Does the interview presentation constitute a cWRITING ASSIGNMENT (25%)
BER-ARTICLE: Please interview a native speaker of German about what they consider to
be the most conspicuous differences between Germany (or Austria or Switzerland) and Australia. Write a short article about this persons experiences and what you have learned in
300-350 words. This assessment is designed to improve your research skills, as well as
your ability to speak, listen to, read and write German. In addition, it will help to hone your
intercultural and communication skills.
Please upload your ber-Article to the link in the Assessment Information section on
the LMS by 5pm on Friday, April 29 (Week 8).
Please include the word ber in the title of the article and give the document itself your own
name: Last name_First Name. Please upload the article as a WORD document.
The submission should be a short article (not the transcript of an interview). Summarize
in your own words what your interview partner told you and what you learned from the interview. Differences between Germany / Austria / Switzerland and Australia could cover a
wide range of different things. You do not have to include everything they told you. My advice
is to focus on one or two main points. Think about what information about your interview
partner would be interesting or useful for the reader.
I would encourage you to interview a native speaker, but anyone who has experience of
Germany / Austria / Switzerland and Australia might serve just as well. If you are unsure
about your interview partner or have difficulties finding an interview partner, please just
speak to me (youll be surprised, however, at how many of us there are among you!)
Please find an extra INFORMATION SHEET with more advice, helpful vocabulary and
more detail on the criteria in the Assessment Information section on the LMS.
GENERAL CRITERIA
LANGUAGE (70%) Correctness of grammar, syntax and spelling. Complexity of sentence
structure and range and appropriateness of expression.
RELEVANCE and COHERENCE (30%): Does the interview presentation constitute a c. found this. ok. was thinking about doing something really niche but not sure. your sacrasm idea is really good
yea im gonna do it i dont really care. have a friend whos an athelte just gonna ask him about the training differences between the two countries
yea exactly. good idea. currently fighting the urge to write my essay in english. DeepL it then add mistakes after haha. i think i might lose the battle....
haha im starting now. at least there is no exam this year. so good
haha so true. bro. this assignment is fucking hard. how are you goung?
yes fr fr. Sundays would be so much better. I wish he supplied us with some sample responses. so we can see the standard. because I have no idea how good this is meant to be
facts. Dale doing us dirty
Haha fair. Covid relief pay would be nice ngl. Plus get the uni catchup
I agree
I'm actually going insane trying to write this. How the fuck do I write tripartite education system. And explain it. IN GERMAN
Dale ficken sie sich. (Und dein assignment). Did you like the use of the formal tone
Haha it's really funny that you can say fuck you formally
you going to german class today?
awesome see you there
that would be lovle. im at 70 words of absolute dogshit. how far along are you?
Haha. God help ua. Us
Am 19 April habe ich Kimi Jost interviewt. Kimi ist ein Mitglied des Australischen Judo-Team. Kimi ist in Deutschland geboren und aufgewachsen bis er 13 Jahr alt war. Danach habe Kimi zu Australia bewegen. Wobei Kimi immer noch bliebt. Mein Gesprch mit Kimi konzentriert auf der Deutsche Schule System. Kimi hat fr mir erklrt das Schule in Deutschland ist viel anders als Schule in Australien. Deutschland habt ein dreiseitig Bildung System. Wohin ein Mensch zehn Jahr alt bist dann werden sie sortiert basierend auf akademischen. Sie Knnen der Realschule, der Hauptschule oder der Gymnasium zugehen. Bei der Hauptschule studenten lernen dieselbe dinge als der Realschule und Gymnasium aber ein langsamer tempo. Diese schule bereitet die studenten vor Einschulung Berufsschule und Lehrlingsausbildung. Der Realschule ist hnlich zu der Haupt schule aber der tempo ist schneller und die schule bereitet Student vor Einschulung komplexere Berufsschule. Die Gymnasium ist fr Studenten wer suche Universitt Eintrag.. HALFWAY!
Haha thanks mate. Let's both clutch up 
That's fucking good haha. Nice
Haha it's clever. Haha grinding king
Haha legend. do we have to use uber in the title?. thats weird. what does uber literally mean?
No you had such a good name. The ubersetzyng one
Haha nice. That one looks good. Enjoy!
Haha nice. Feels so good hey. Love the formatting. Go of job man
Yea I'm not going to go tommorow just going to watch the lecture. Online. So much easier
It does but I'll just cop it
Haha ikr
He really is
Haha how good
not dale setting another one of those bloody video clips this week. 
Fuck man your Iq must be in the  200's. Genius
Haha. Haha nice
Hahaha legend. Bro really. He counted the online ones. Fuckkkk. I thought he wasn't going to count then. Broooo. I went to some of them tho. Thanks for the help
bruvvvvv. not for any of the online ones?
Dale :000
Ha ha. oh thats good. and kati loves you. easy money!
what is even the play for this german oral. at least for the essay you could just slowly grind it into perfection. this is LIVE. and its in 2 WEEKS. how do i learn German in 2 weeks
yea ngl same. fuck you DALE!
So true. Do you get the feeling he is a bit autistic?
You going to the lecture today boss
Yewww!. blind cc ypou and an email i sent to Dale, thought you might be itnrested
haha. just writing practice responses to the questions on the lms. no idea how hes gonna make it go for 8 minutes but. that is such a long time. using the word "friend" you have to be so careful. if you use it in the wrong order you can say someone is your boyfriend or girlfriend instead of just normal friend
Haha same. Sometimes it's the best
Haha let's hope so. If you're keen we could try practicing for the oral after?
Haha that's a vibe. Yea sounds good . Is there a sheet to print for class today?. Had to park do fucking far away
Awesome!. Good luck. I parked near the pool...
Thans fo r the present man you're too kind 
Hahaga. She loves you
hows the studying going king, grinding it out?
have you figured out how too study for the german oral yet. i feel like memorisng answers is not enough. if you have please enlighten me. btw im going thursday at 1pm. if you book friday im happy to tell you what kind of questions he asked. i still owe you for last years exam
fair enough get it done. is that next wednesday or the wednesday after?. im thursday the 26th
Oh easy. I'll tell you everything then
Haha it's all good man I'm just gonna manifest passing that's pretty much a guarantee
Same but I'm at a loss for how to practice
Big brain
haha. Not tryna be insulting or anything. But what do you think the odds are that Dale is gay
Haha that's a good point. I just got my uberartikel back. Has he done yours yet?. Ngl  the two sentences he loved were both deepL inspired....
Yep
Haha I think it's because he wanted t give feedback before the oral. My oral is tommorow. I've decided to just wing it
Yea haha I did pretty well in the article (DeepL) did well so if I get like 40% I'll be fine. Welche filme hast du ausgesucht?. "Gut"
hahaha. i wonder how he would react to that. thats a good one
Yea so true. Like he uses all these big linguistic terms and I just don't follow
Haha my feedback for the article was hectic. Hahaha so true. It was 18 minutes of him talking about prepositions and their different forms
Legit haha. do you know where the orals are taking place>. ?
thanks mate coulnd find it anywhere
thanks mate legend
thanks mate will tell give you the run down after. Such a stichup. Literally just the questions in the video. With one other. "Which film did you enjoy the most. He speaks ridiculously slowly. Don't stress at all you will be so fine
Haha all good our Alliance is the only reason I've made it this far!
Haha legit. I listened to mine tho. Was actually good
You gonna go to this?
No idea. Had the same thought
Oh fuck really. What happend
Fuck man
Thats so shitty
That sucks ass. Im sure you passed tho
Haha he will take that into consideration for sure
Haha sehr lustig!
Haha yea i thought i was just ginna pass but i ended up doing well as well haha. German 4 here we come 
Haha yes!. What day?. Yes sir. Thursday it is
Training a new womank at work who lived in ost Deutschland and whose favoruite film is bye bye lenin. Dale has prepared me so well for this moment. 
Getting some good practice in ngl she speaks super clearly and is really encouraging. Love it
She copied you bro smh
Ysa haha it's pretty crazy. Thanks for the reminder :)
not sure yet lol, still thinking about it.... Got to be so careful with German grammar haha
haha i love it. also makes me terrified to go to Germany and accidently ask some random lady if she orgasms often...
Haha. We are doing thus one right
Yew!. Don't think im gonna be able to make the seminar most weeks though :(. But we can clutch up in the langauge class. Might even give the conversation class a whirl. Feeling crazy this semester
You're gonna come back from stuggart sounding like a native. Gonna be awesome haha
Haha i wouldn't blame u. I would miss u tho 
Haha legit same. So many cretins on campus
Haha will do thanks man appreciate it. How many people you reckon he sends these to?. In my head its just me and you because we are the only elite German students in the whole uni
Hahaha. Shout out Dale!. do we have to attend both langauge classes you reckon. why make 2 1 hours and not jsut 1 2 hours
Oh easy. The oral assessment seems kinda hard. But we will clutch up like we alwayd do. 
Hahah it thinks you mean virgin. Jung frau is the word for german. Hahahahahaha. That gave me a good laugh thanks mate. For virgin in german*
Haha. Pretty funny that german word for virgin is "boywoman"
Nah the intro oned are always so boring. 
Haha fair enough. Will probably need every percent i can get ngl. How was it
Is seth back??. Haha as predicted. just saw the groups for oral are 3-6. can we find one more relatively normal bloke/lass so we can stick together. work ing with someone incompetent or annoying it will make it so much harder than it has to be haha. i see that old woman who knows everything is there again. also why does he talk about old english for so long. i feel for you not being able to skip it
Will you be there tommorow morning?
awesome see you then. I just befriended one of the people on the stuggard exchange from stuggard. She and i spoke german and i got her insta. Told her i will swap english lessons for german ones. We are not struggling with an assignment this sem 
Haha ikr lucked out!. Also if i can introduce you two then you can get the fill on stuggart
Do we  need to print anything for the lecture?
Haha no stress
Nah no stress thats a great idea. Got some tea after that class. Was avrually quite good. But. No joke i think 20% of the class has autism. Actual autism. The old lady that talks too much is the mother of the shaved head bloke that is really good. She said he was her favoruite son. Weird vibes
Haha yea there are a lot of weirdos. Ill tell you more in person
haha awesome. Gonna be a lil late
Hahaua same. You coming langauge clasa today?
I would reccomend its actually useful. Plus funny
Im sitting oytsude. I know hoe you love thr cold
Are they gay?!?. That makes sense
hey bro, found some free german doco's on yt its kind of a win-win. docos are fun and you learn something new and you get to practice german. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ds5JUjGdAZ4&ab_channel=PresseportalVideos. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2w4WL5GbXo&ab_channel=DWDeutsch
Haha nein dein Deutsch ist gut. Wir bist noch Anfanger. Wenn du nach Deutschland gehen, wirst du so gut werden.
haha viel gluck
haha
yesss king. youre gonna have the best time
Hahaha. this reading is impossible. its so boring i want o shoot myself. why the fuck did dale think that this was a good idea. i do not give a fuck about how the king of prussia manipulated people into being good at msuic
So true
Thabks for thr plug will give it a look
Ikr. Do i want the answers. Dont suffer beo. Ill get them for you two secs
no stress bro. massive waste of time legit 0 benefit task
noooooo
haha nice. big brain
Question 1
Was muss laut Strau passieren, damit der Rest der Menschheit merkt, wie ernst die Lage ist?     (merken = to notice / laut  = according to )

 

Selected Answer:	
 Die Russen mssen immer wieder irgendwo einmarschieren.

Response Feedback:	
Jawohl!

Question 2
Wer glaubt, dass gewinnen mehr Spa macht?

 

Selected Answer:	
 Richard Nixon.

Response Feedback:	
Genau richtig!

Question 3
Welches Ereignis in Mexiko hatte einen blutigen Auftakt?

   

Selected Answer:	
 die Olympischen Spiele

Response Feedback:	
Volltreffer!

Question 4
Wie kann man laut Kiesinger die Freiheit falsch verstehen?

   

Selected Answer:	
 Wenn man sie als Chance versteht, tun und lassen zu knnen, was man will.

Response Feedback:	
Ausgezeichnet!

Question 5
Womit fing das Jahr des Protestes in Deutschland an?

 

Selected Answer:	
 Mit Demonstrationen gegen den Vietnamkrieg.

Response Feedback:	
Gut gemacht!

Question 6
Wer war das Vorbild von dem Mann, der auf Rudi Dutschke geschossen hat?      (schieen auf = to shoot at)

   

Selected Answer:	
 Adolf Hitler

Response Feedback:	
Sehr richtig!

Question 7
Was gehrte zur SDS-Ideologie?

   

Selected Answer:	
 Gewalt gegen Sachen.

Response Feedback:	
Stimmt genau!

Question 8
Zwischen wem gab es eine tiefe Vertrauenskrise?

   

Selected Answer:	
 Zwischen Jugend und Autoritt.

Response Feedback:	
Gut erkannt!
Fair enough, im proba not gonna go for the rest of the sem. Big waste of time
Bro youre a good student you could 100% get a hd without that class. He does. Its on lms every week
Haha fair enough. Wo bist du?
Class is sp easu you arwnt missining anything. I ticked tour name. Have you done the test yet. Didn't realise there was one lol
gonna do it later i can screen shot if you want
haha nah just trying to pay you back for all the hausaufgabe i have stolen. enjoy! good luck
Fuck man. Best of luck haha
oh fuckkkk. completley forgot about that. thanks legend. wanna take it in turns?. ill do next weeks
Legend. did u watch the movie?. is it good?. also hows your letter coming along
haha im starting now. ooof mabye not thebn. deep L gonna carry
Haha yes
Haha that would be awesome. What a legend. Mine id kinda cringe. but tailored for dale
haha why. its 400 words as well. actually sm
haha true
haha really. dale is a fraud. Writing assingment . Just add in some errors then done
HHa qhat. We get a holiday because the queen died?!?!
I dont know whether to be happy or worried
heres a deep L pro tip. if you just write, hello Sir it is regrettable to inform you that x is y kind regards, Josh. at the top of the box. everything else will also be formal tone
for the underlining thing. he said we have to use at least 6 whatevers and 10 whatevers. do we underline all the instances of the whatevers of just enough to make dale happy
Oh really aqesome. Aweso me
is konjuntive 2 anything that is past tense. realised i dont really know what it is... like in this sentence. Ich habe krzlich mit teuren Vitaminen aufgestock. is aufgestock konj 2?
haha all good. hows your letter coming along
Fuck man sorry to hear thT
https://www.verbformen.com/?w=gelernt. this website is pog. i am conviced the konjuntive 2 is made up by DALE. so few resocurces on it on the web. no idea what is or isnt konj2
might just underline some random verbs and hope for the best
Youll be fine
i sent yo my letter on email if you wouldnt mind having your german friend look at it i would really appreciate it. if he isnt too tired. i jhave no idea how to use the konuntive 2 so i have no idea where i can add it
Legend!. how did it go haha
oh legend!. would he also be able to change the konjuncitve 2. i really dont mind what he changes. i love your german boy toy. i love how he syas "we dont use mit freundliche gruben". when dale told us to use it haha. what a legend that was good feedback. funny as well
Haha it was
Legit anything. Just 6 verbs. I feel bad using him tell him if he ever comes into uni with you ill buy hin lunch or something
What a legend. so for the konjunvitve 2. i pretty much have to add in a bunch of. "i wish that x ". right?. so cringe
Haha good luck. haha i love yours. lil shout out to dale as well
Haha legwnd
Are flights to melbs usually this bad???????
Haha ike
Haha legend. Get pascal to do it haha
Legend!!!. Wait are there multiple solutions to the worded ones?
Thanks pascal, will change it up then dont want Dale to get sus. U coming to german roday?. Dale jist put us in a group
Haha nice. He added a bunch of people withour group to with ys. Stichup. Two guys and one girl. And us. check your messenger. i added you to the group

Haha thanks man. Pascal failed you
You only got three wrong. You did good
Nooooooo. Did u go on the call today
haha i just need to be told what we are doing and then ill do my part. i cannot work with others i have no patience
Nope. Oh fuck. Seminar quiz. Ill do it now give me 10. Ill swnd u the answers. . I love this Alliance
bro this film sounds wikd. wil. what is Dale on??
haha. i just guessed everything
Not today no im workint would you be able to fill me in?
Fuck man sounds like you need to rest. Dont go. We can just organise shir over text. Or call
is there a german test this week?. i can do it first if there is
Easy. which one u reckon. this test is easy as. ill send u the rest after. just not sure for this first one. its bei- right. heres the rest. good luck king. wait those are all wrong. whoops. still wrong. wait. there we go!
haha likewise!. im so lost with this german oral. do i just write two 1 minute scripts about why pinapple on pizza is good?
ok easy. so we just need two one minute scripts each right?
nah thats too hard. also why write in english first just write it in German straight away
oh makes sense. how did he just start with 4?
haha. im just gonna wait for eveyone to do their part before starting mine, dont want to spend time writing and then old mate tells me its wrong. will you be at the languae class tommorow?
sick see you then. Come to class. i dont know why but i cant fucking dtand this bloke. he is so know it all
for real. i am going to hit this vunt. cunt. through the screen. "I RECKON IM GONNA GET CRACKING AND SHOVE MY FIST SO FAR UP UR ARSEHOLE MATE". fuck this wanker
we are carrying this shit. i swear we are the only two with actual braincells
same man why tf do they exist. just so some idiot can get a free ride. fucking retarted. i know we arent meant to say retarted anymore. but this is fucking retarted
Soooo true man. formal tone for this presentation yea
lachlans thing is so so so google translated. dont think its even DeepL. like he uses english idmos literally in german. Vielen Dank, Moderator, ich begann zu glauben, dass die verbalen Grueltaten, die von den fremden Leuten auf der anderen Seite kamen, niemals enden wrden. Nun, meine Damen und Herren, seien Sie versichert, dass der gesunde Menschenverstand den Raum fllen wird. Ich denke, wir alle kennen die wahre Antwort auf eine so kleinliche Debatte, dass das Hinzufgen von Ananas zu Pizza nur von denen durchgefhrt werden kann, die keinen moralischen Kompass haben. Obst gehrt in die Schssel, nicht in meine Pizza. Aber um davon abzugrenzen, glaube ich, dass es einen eklatanteren Versto gegen die Kultur gibt. Pizza Hawaii ist weder hawaiianisch noch politisch korrekt. Es ist eine kalifornische Erfindung, und eine solche Pizza als auslndisches Produkt zu vermarkten, ist kulturelle Aneignung und Deformation. Im Moment mssen die Hawaiianer die Unannehmlichkeiten ertragen, dass die Welt dieses Lebensmittel-Verbrechen ihrer friedlichen Kultur zuschreibt. Es ist ein Lose-Lose-Abkommen, niemand ist glcklich. Die Welt sollte sich nicht anpassen, um wenige Menschen glcklich zu machen, wenn die meisten es nicht sind, sie ist unbeschreiblich unintelligent, angeblich nicht schockierend, weil sie von Amerikanern geprgt wurde.. clapped. mans needs a course in using deepL. can i respond to his point plz. on cultural appropriation. you can have the people can do whatever the fuck they want point?
like lines like this make zero sense. "Obst gehrt in die Schssel, nicht in meine Pizza"
we r chillin. my second point pretty much calls him stupid
i need you with me in this call. i cant shut all these shit ideas by myself
i think ive got it under control. he threatens to kill you and me in his speech
not sure about that one
i reckon we let him say it but just ignore it. like mabye look at each other. and thats it
Hahaha. any feedback?. them pronocuncing this is fucking hillarious. i thought i was retarted
this call is killing me'. so boring
haha. Hahaha. What is that for
Haha nice. Ooooooo enjoy!!! Keep me updated!
Haha. How's Germany is it good?. How's your German coming along. You using what Dale taught u
Hahaha. Are you getting better tho
did u get in!?
haha i cant wait to hear all about it. might have to buy you coffee or something when youre back at uni so I can hear all about Deustchland
Haha just stay forever! im sure i will make it yo germany eventually
Hahahah i love it man!. Happy for you 
Likewise man. 
haha yes. are you fluent in german yet?
Haha you cant possibly be getting worse
Hahahaha. Ooo good luck+. Hope the fuck wits dont piss u off 2 much
Haha fuck. Good luck lad
Good luck legend!
So pretty
how is it going?. looks amazing. the cold suits you haha
I cant wait  to hear about it though
awesome ill see you around hopefully thebn
very german i like it
haha
